.agents/rules/memory-bank/brief.md, before:

# Project Brief: Go Echo Microservice Template

## Project Identity
**Project Name:** template-go-echo
**Type:** Go Echo Microservice Template
**Architecture:** Clean Architecture with Domain Driven Design
**Purpose:** A lightweight and performant foundation for building microservices.

## Executive Summary
A production-ready Go backend template using the Echo framework and a Clean Architecture. It is designed for simplicity, performance, and ease of use, making it ideal for developing focused microservices.

## Core Objectives
1.  **High Performance**: Leverage Echo's speed for low-latency services.
2.  **Simplicity**: Offer a straightforward structure that is easy to understand and extend.
3.  **Production-Ready**: Include essentials like logging, configuration, and error handling.
4.  **Developer Experience**: Ensure a minimal learning curve and quick setup.
5.  **Testability**: Structure the code to facilitate unit and integration testing.

## Project Scope

### In Scope
**Core Infrastructure:** Echo framework, Clean Architecture with DDD (Handler, Usecase, Repository, Domain), Database integration (sqlc + golang-migrate), JWT Authentication, Swagger Docs, Environment-based Config, Structured Logging, Centralized Error Handling, Health Checks, Graceful Shutdown, JSend Response Format, Interface Mocking.
**Development Tools:** Docker support, Makefile commands, Linting (golangci-lint v2), sqlc code generation, Database migrations.
**Documentation:** README, API (Swagger), Architecture Decision Records (ADRs), Example domain implementation.

## Technical Requirements

### Architecture Principles
**Clean Architecture with Domain-Driven Design:**
-   **Handler Layer:** Manages HTTP requests/responses, DTOs, and Swagger annotations.
-   **Usecase Layer:** Contains business logic and orchestrates domain operations.
-   **Repository Layer:** Handles database interactions and transactions via sqlc generated code.
-   **Domain Layer:** Defines interfaces, entities, value objects, and domain contracts.
-   **Mock Generation:** All interfaces must include `//go:generate` annotations for mockgen.
**Modular Monolith:** Start with modular structure that can transition to microservices.
**Dependency Injection:** Use `samber/do v2` for DI container management across all layers.

### Technology Stack
**Core Framework:** Go 1.25+, Echo v4+.
**Database Options:**
- MariaDB 11+ (small-medium systems, default)
- PostgreSQL 18+ (large systems)
- FerretDB 2.5+ (document-based storage)
- Valkey 9+ (in-memory key-value, Redis replacement)
**Database Tools:** `sqlc` for type-safe queries, `golang-migrate/migrate` for migrations.
**Authentication:** `golang-jwt/jwt` (primary), `zitadel/oidc` (alternative).
**Configuration:** Environment variables with validation via `spf13/viper`.
**Logging:** `slog` (structured logging with context propagation).
**Utilities:**
- `samber/do v2` (Dependency Injection)
- `samber/lo` (Synchronous helpers for finite sequences)
- `samber/ro` (Event-driven infinite data streams)
**Testing:** `uber-go/mock` (interface mocking), `DATA-DOG/go-sqlmock` (DB mocking).
**Code Quality:** `golangci-lint v2`, UUIDv7 for database-friendly unique IDs.

### Project Structure
```
template-go-echo/
├── cmd/api/                  # Application entry point (main.go)
├── internal/                 # Private application code (domain modules)
│   ├── {domain}/             # Per-domain organization (e.g., user, order)
│   │   ├── domain/           # Domain interfaces and contracts
│   │   ├── handler/          # HTTP handlers with Swagger annotations
│   │   ├── usecase/          # Business logic layer
│   │   ├── repository/       # Data access via sqlc (handles transactions)
│   │   ├── sqlc/             # Generated SQL code from /sql/queries
│   │   ├── mock/             # Generated mock implementations
│   │   └── *_test/           # Test files using _test package convention
│   ├── middleware/           # HTTP middleware
│   └── config/               # Configuration loading and validation
├── pkg/                      # Shared utilities (response, errors, custom types)
├── sql/                      # SQL source files
│   ├── queries/              # SQL queries for sqlc code generation
│   └── migrations/           # Database migration files (golang-migrate)
├── docs/                     # Swagger/OpenAPI specs and ADRs
├── .agents/                  # Agent rules and memory bank
│   └── rules/
│       └── memory-bank/      # Project context and documentation
├── go.mod                    # Go module definition
├── go.sum                    # Dependency checksums
├── Makefile                  # Development tasks (build, test, lint, migrate)
├── Dockerfile                # Container definition
├── .env.example              # Environment variable template
└── README.md                 # Project documentation
```

## Key Features
1.  **RESTful API Foundation**: Basic routing, request validation, and JSend-formatted JSON responses.
2.  **Authentication**: JWT-based middleware for securing endpoints (with OIDC alternative).
3.  **Type-Safe Database Access**: `sqlc` for generating type-safe Go code from SQL queries.
4.  **Database Migrations**: `golang-migrate/migrate` for version-controlled schema changes.
5.  **Configuration Management**: Environment-variable-driven with validation and defaults.
6.  **API Documentation**: Automated Swagger/OpenAPI generation from handler annotations.
7.  **Testing Infrastructure**: Mock generation via `go:generate`, sqlmock for DB tests.
8.  **Containerization**: Production-ready Dockerfile with graceful shutdown support.
9.  **Performance Optimization**: Following goperf.dev patterns for networking and common operations.
10. **Security**: Rate limiting, input validation/sanitization, secure headers, HTTPS support.

## Constraints & Requirements
1.  **Code Quality:** Must pass `golangci-lint v2` with all checks enabled.
2.  **Testing:** High test coverage across all layers (handlers, usecases, repositories).
3.  **Mock Generation:** Every interface file must have `//go:generate` annotations.
4.  **Swagger Documentation:** Every HTTP handler must include Swagger annotations.
5.  **Security:** Rate limiting, input validation, sanitization, secure headers, HTTPS.
6.  **Error Handling:** Structured error types per domain with proper propagation.
7.  **Logging:** Structured logging with context propagation across services.
8.  **Monitoring:** Application metrics and health check endpoints.
9.  **Statelessness:** Services must be stateless for horizontal scaling.
10. **Container Support:** All services must support container environments.
11. **Graceful Shutdown:** Implement graceful shutdown for all services.

## Development Workflow
1.  **SQL Development**: Write queries in `/sql/queries` with sqlc annotations.
2.  **Code Generation**: Run `sqlc generate` to create Go code in domain `/sqlc` directories.
3.  **Database Migrations**: Use `migrate -path /sql/migrations -database <db_url> up`.
4.  **Testing**: Generate mocks with `go generate ./...`, write tests with sqlmock.
5.  **CI/CD Pipeline**: Automated testing, linting, security scanning, container builds.

## Documentation Requirements
1.  **API Documentation**: Maintain Swagger/OpenAPI specs via code annotations.
2.  **Architecture Decision Records (ADRs)**: Document significant design decisions.
3.  **Contribution Guidelines**: Clear setup and contribution instructions.
4.  **README**: Comprehensive project overview with quick-start guide.

Commit message:

chore(project): Remove entire project structure and memory bank
This commit removes the complete project structure, including the memory bank documentation, all application code, configuration files, example user domain, and dependencies. The repository is being cleaned up to start fresh with a new project direction.

.agents/rules/memory-bank/brief.md, after:

# Project Brief: Go Echo Modular Monolith Template

## Project Identity
**Project Name:** template-go-echo
**Type:** Go Echo modular monolith Template
**Architecture:** Clean Architecture with Domain Driven Design
**Purpose:** A lightweight and performant foundation for building modular monolith applications that can evolve into microservices.

## Executive Summary
A production-ready Go backend template using the Echo framework and a Clean Architecture. It is designed for simplicity, performance, and ease of use, making it ideal for developing modular monolith applications with clear domain boundaries.

## Core Objectives
1.  **High Performance**: Leverage Echo's speed for low-latency services.
2.  **Simplicity**: Offer a straightforward structure that is easy to understand and extend.
3.  **Production-Ready**: Include essentials like logging, configuration, and error handling.
4.  **Developer Experience**: Ensure a minimal learning curve and quick setup.
5.  **Testability**: Structure the code to facilitate unit and integration testing.

## Project Scope

### In Scope
**Core Infrastructure:** Echo framework, Clean Architecture with DDD (Handler, Usecase, Repository, Domain), Database integration (sqlc + golang-migrate), JWT Authentication, Swagger Docs, Environment-based Config, Structured Logging, Centralized Error Handling, Health Checks, Graceful Shutdown, JSend Response Format, Interface Mocking.
**Development Tools:** Docker support, Makefile commands, Linting (golangci-lint v2), sqlc code generation, Database migrations.
**Documentation:** README, API (Swagger), Architecture Decision Records (ADRs), Example domain implementation.

## Technical Requirements

### Architecture Principles
**Clean Architecture with Domain-Driven Design:**
-   **Handler Layer:** Manages HTTP requests/responses, DTOs, and Swagger annotations.
-   **Usecase Layer:** Contains business logic and orchestrates domain operations.
-   **Repository Layer:** Handles database interactions and transactions via sqlc generated code.
-   **Domain Layer:** Defines interfaces, entities, value objects, and domain contracts.
-   **Mock Generation:** All interfaces must include `//go:generate` annotations for mockgen.
**Modular Monolith:** Start with modular structure that can transition to microservices.
**Dependency Injection:** Use `samber/do v2` for DI container management across all layers.

### Technology Stack
**Core Framework:** Go 1.25+, Echo v4+.
**Database Options:**
- MariaDB 11+ (small-medium systems, default)
- PostgreSQL 18+ (large systems)
- FerretDB 2.5+ (document-based storage)
- Valkey 9+ (in-memory key-value, Redis replacement)
**Database Tools:** `sqlc` for type-safe queries, `golang-migrate/migrate` for migrations.
**Authentication:** `golang-jwt/jwt` (primary), `zitadel/oidc` (alternative).
**Configuration:** Environment variables with validation via `spf13/viper`.
**Logging:** `slog` (structured logging with context propagation).
**Utilities:**
- `samber/do v2` (Dependency Injection)
- `samber/lo` (Synchronous helpers for finite sequences)
- `samber/ro` (Event-driven infinite data streams)
**Testing:** `uber-go/mock` (interface mocking), `DATA-DOG/go-sqlmock` (DB mocking).
**Code Quality:** `golangci-lint v2`, UUIDv7 for database-friendly unique IDs.

### Project Structure
```
template-go-echo/
├── cmd/api/                  # Application entry point (main.go)
├── internal/                 # Private application code (domain modules)
│   ├── {domain}/             # Per-domain organization (e.g., user, order)
│   │   ├── domain/           # Domain interfaces and contracts
│   │   ├── handler/          # HTTP handlers with Swagger annotations
│   │   ├── usecase/          # Business logic layer
│   │   ├── repository/       # Data access via sqlc (handles transactions)
│   │   ├── mock/             # Generated mock implementations
│   │   └── test/             # Test files using _test package convention
│   ├── infrastructure/       # Project infrastructure
│   │   └── sqlc/             # Generated SQL code from sqlc
│   ├── middleware/           # HTTP middleware
│   └── config/               # Configuration loading and validation
├── pkg/                      # Shared utilities (response, errors, custom types)
├── sql/                      # SQL source files
│   ├── queries/              # SQL queries for sqlc code generation
│   └── migrations/           # Database migration files (golang-migrate)
├── docs/                     # Swagger/OpenAPI specs and ADRs
├── .agents/                  # Agent rules and memory bank
│   └── rules/
│       └── memory-bank/      # Project context and documentation
├── bin/                      # Binary releases
├── tmp/                      # Temporary files and artifacts
├── go.mod                    # Go module definition
├── go.sum                    # Dependency checksums
├── Makefile                  # Development tasks (build, test, lint, migrate)
├── compose.yml               # Container compose
├── Dockerfile                # Container definition
├── .env.example              # Environment variable template
└── README.md                 # Project documentation
```

## Key Features
1.  **RESTful API Foundation**: Basic routing, request validation, and JSend-formatted JSON responses.
2.  **Authentication**: JWT-based middleware for securing endpoints (with OIDC alternative).
3.  **Type-Safe Database Access**: `sqlc` for generating type-safe Go code from SQL queries.
4.  **Database Migrations**: `golang-migrate/migrate` for version-controlled schema changes.
5.  **Configuration Management**: Environment-variable-driven with validation and defaults.
6.  **API Documentation**: Automated Swagger/OpenAPI generation from handler annotations.
7.  **Testing Infrastructure**: Mock generation via `go:generate`, sqlmock for DB tests.
8.  **Containerization**: Production-ready Dockerfile with graceful shutdown support.
9.  **Performance Optimization**: Following goperf.dev patterns for networking and common operations.
10. **Security**: Rate limiting, input validation/sanitization, secure headers, HTTPS support.

## Constraints & Requirements
1.  **Code Quality:** Must pass `golangci-lint v2` with all checks enabled.
2.  **Testing:** High test coverage across all layers (handlers, usecases, repositories).
3.  **Mock Generation:** Every interface file must have `//go:generate` annotations.
4.  **Swagger Documentation:** Every HTTP handler must include Swagger annotations.
5.  **Security:** Rate limiting, input validation, sanitization, secure headers, HTTPS.
6.  **Error Handling:** Structured error types per domain with proper propagation.
7.  **Logging:** Structured logging with context propagation across services.
8.  **Monitoring:** Application metrics and health check endpoints.
9.  **Statelessness:** Services must be stateless for horizontal scaling.
10. **Container Support:** All services must support container environments.
11. **Graceful Shutdown:** Implement graceful shutdown for all services.

## Development Workflow
1.  **SQL Development**: Write queries in `/sql/queries` with sqlc annotations.
2.  **Code Generation**: Run `sqlc generate` to create Go code in domain `/sqlc` directories.
3.  **Database Migrations**: Use `migrate -path /sql/migrations -database <db_url> up`.
4.  **Testing**: Generate mocks with `go generate ./...`, write tests with sqlmock.
5.  **CI/CD Pipeline**: Automated testing, linting, security scanning, container builds.

## Documentation Requirements
1.  **API Documentation**: Maintain Swagger/OpenAPI specs via code annotations.
2.  **Architecture Decision Records (ADRs)**: Document significant design decisions.
3.  **Contribution Guidelines**: Clear setup and contribution instructions.
4.  **README**: Comprehensive project overview with quick-start guide.
 
## Quality Assurance
1. Generate mocks and tests with `go generate ./...`
2. Lint with `golangci-lint run --fix ./...`
3. Run tests with `go clean -testcache && go test -v -race ./...`
